Hello @Channel,

My name is Blandine, I am data analyst at DataScientest and I will be your project mentor during these months of training. I am very happy to meet you.
The purpose of this message is to present the different expectations relating to the project and its deadlines.

How does a common thread project work as part of an ETL training with DataScientest? Just follow these few steps.
:arrow_right: For your information, these steps are designed to ensure that your project goes as smoothly as possible, i.e. without any last-minute problems and with a final result that matches your abilities.

The project that has been assigned to you is as follows: CryptoBot with Binance.
--------------------------------------------------
-------------------------------------------------
Step 1 / Exploration of unstructured data: Deadline February 6
Define the context and scope of the project
Take charge of the different data sources
Expected deliverable: You will have to provide a report explaining the different data sources accompanied by examples of collected data

Step 2/ Data modeling: Deadline February 16
Design a database schema respecting the third normal form (3NF) (aka Snowflake Schema) containing as much data as possible from the original dataset.
Expected deliverable:
Any document explaining the chosen architecture (UML diagram)
File implementing the databases
SQL query file

Step 3 / Construction of the ETL/ELT pipeline: February 27
Create an ELT pipeline to populate the database:
Extraction: load data from the original sources
Loading: denormalize (star schema) and load data into the target system (SQL Database)
Transformation: Merge, Encoding,
Expected deliverable:
DataWarehouse demo
Star schema

Step 4 / Creation of the Power BI Dashboard + Defenses (30 minutes): Deadline March 9
Popularize the progress of your project
Create a Power BI Dashboard from the Data Warehouse
Expected deliverable:
Defense
Report

That's the broad outline.
I suggest we have a first meeting on Zoom this week so that we can validate the framing step together. What do you think about :arrow_right: 30/01 at 3:30pm :arrow_left:
React with a :+1: so that I can know that you have read this message.
Have a nice day and see you soon,
Blandinegit